**Stephanie Meza**
**Lab-1 Questions**

**Question 1**
GitHub is a website that allows its users to collaborate with each other on multiple software developments. This site is built around Git which a system that is used to track the changes made in code allowing the used to work on multiple parts of the project at the same time as well as be able to go back to previous stages of that project. GitHub also has a feature where its users can create and manage repositories of the project which provides a place for storage of that code. Also having an issue tracking system that that can track things like bugs and task, while also enhancing communication among the members to help manage a better project progress. The users of GitHub really be anyone who wants to collaboratively work with others on an open source project, assignment, clients and so much more. This can include developers who want to showcase their work on projects, or students who want to both practice and improve their skills, work on assignments and even build their portfolios, or even researchers who wish to share their code and data showcasing their findings and research to share aong the academic world. All in all this system has many features for anyone and everyone in the 21st century. 

**Question 2**
The concept of *Clone* in Github is the process of creating an exact replica or copy of a repository, this essentially copies the code in its entirety as well as its history and files. This feature is helpful to be able to work on this code without affecting the original, this is to work on seperately which then the added changes can be made to the original copy. Whereas the *Pull Request*, happens after the cloning process where you can put a request to make the changes into the repository's origianl owners for collaboration purposes. This then can be reviewed by the owners and can leave comments and/or commect on the new code and if/when approved you can then merge that pull request to the original repository. 

**Question 3**
[Kaggle Data Set](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/kumarajarshi/life-expectancy-who)
This data set includes data collection for this research was executed by utilizing an extensive dataset procured from the Global Health Observatory (GHO) data repository managed by the World Health Organization (WHO). Complementary to this, pertinent economic data was gathered from United Nations records. This comprehensive dataset encompasses vital healthcare metrics and socio-economic indicators across 193 countries, covering a time span of fifteen years from 2000 to 2015. The selected variables for examination encompass adult mortality, alcohol consumption, BMI, Polio vaccination, Diphtheria vaccination, GDP per capita, and years of schooling. Together, these factors offer a holistic panorama of the influences on life expectancy, spanning health, economic, and social dimensions. Through thorough analysis of this dataset, countries can pinpoint the pivotal elements contributing to their diminished life expectancy figures. This insight empowers nations to prioritize specific areas for enhancement, thus effectively elevating the life expectancy of their populations. Some potential applications for this dataset could include economics, healthcare systems, public health policies and so many more. Economic development strategies can include GDP indicatos that considers both financial growth and public health. Healthcare systems can be used to assess the effectiveness of healthcare systems to improve the accesibility and quality of them. Public health policies can be evidence based to improve health outcomes and reduce mortality rates. 

**Question 4**
[Machine Learning Book](http://ciml.info/dl/v0_99/ciml-v0_99-all.pdf)
**Hal Daume III/University of Maryland**
This book is based on Machine Learning and how it is *"the study of algorithms that learn from data and experience"*. (Hal Daume III/2017) It is a beginners guide to many aspects of machine learning, because it is a very broad feel and trying to learn everything in one book would be too much Hal Daume III has tried to provide the readers with the latest developments of machine learning. While also covering the necessary skills to adopt emerging technology as it is created.  I chose this book out of curiosity on machine learning and what it is, trying to understand it on a better level. I've had an interest on AI and how the algorithm and data has been used to imitate human learning. It sounds scary to think such technology exists and how its proven to be so accurate especially now. And becoming more knowledge on it can broaden our eyes and seem not so scary and a bit more fascinating for the future of technology. 
